okay so this video is the result of two
recent events here Atlantis media group
that have serendipitously collided the
first is that our search for a new
graphic designer is over the LMG Squad
has a new member and this person
naturally will need a high-performance
workstation that they can use to design
vector graphics and it videos and
potentially create animations and the
second is that LG reached out to us to
sponsor a video about their new 27 UK
850 monitor it's 4k its HDR and it looks
like a great match for our new graphic
designer so you see where I'm going with
this so we decided to use this monitor
in this sponsored video to build a
workstation for this guy whose face and
name will remain secret because he's not
past his probation yet
[Music]
I'm really liking the look of this
monitor it's got the thin bezels that
we've come to expect from LG on all
sides which enhances the immersion
factor it's got a 3840 by 2160 4k
resolution with 315 a typical brightness
and on the back it's got a textured
white finish and a slim stand with 110
millimeters of hide adjust and 25
degrees of tilt which unfortunately we
are not going to be able to see or use
once we attach it to our crate case
alright so as not necessarily an expert
on you know creative workstations I've
brought in
well I think expert would be a strong
word Dennis thank you for volunteering
wait that's that person no I'm building
this PC for
no no
surprise so if you guys watched recently
Dennis did claim in his PC building
simulator you know PC building debut
that he could build a normal computer
just fine it was limitations of the
software that held him back I know how
to be in real life I know how to do it
of course of course
so Dennis why don't you start us off
here with our CPU so we're gonna be
using a 79 80 Excel for several use I
know
you had you touch it no I know I know
we can put it here oh
oh
okay there's no plastic thing okay yeah
that's fine that's fine I feel like this
is more like kindergarten class no I'm
the triangle who's it this is trying I
know this may be like that
okay turn it no no no okay this way okay
you put the size of a rice I've seen the
video like a big rice bigger eyes yeah
thick your eyes like bloated rice yeah
cuz this is a big CPU that's what your
rice looks like you see long rides I
know yeah so you have to open the clip
first I know I know I didn't do that in
the videos but I know that's not oh
that's an SSD no I know that I think
that looks different this is the click
sound just make a sound effect you know
No
okay okay stop it I'm not acting this is
really hot out there I
don't think you're acting oh no no no
this way ha ha ha ha I know it Linus
don't you I would never laugh at you I'm
laughing with you
got it got it got it more accurately I'm
laughing with the viewers they are
laughing
they are learning how to be a PC with me
yeah just like that just like can see
building simulator
good good collect like uh how much time
do we have in here we have we have four
rims I
don't want to do the math again okay
ready
now we add our HDR monitor
so I can lay that down Boop not on any
screws hopefully they do that
wait wait doesn't fit is this something
wait this doesn't go on that side that's
okay nice this is like bad
Oh
guys going mm this is
C you are wrong I said we were wrong
IDI say you was right yes
seems like such a waste to get rid of a
like stand that looks like this for one
that yeah compared to this like that but
this way we can have the computer
clipped onto it okay so you're gonna put
it on and we're coming through this
you're gonna do the honors make sure you
got a good angle and Casey drops at
Brennan at the very least we want to
capture it on camera I'm not going to
drop this for sure
yes
this is Ian
wait it's not only the top is on you
miss Luxx I was kind of it go
no you missed out come can you look at
it from the side do you see how the
hooks go okay oh
my god oh
my god
yes yes yeah your honor
Wow
so believe it or not this workstation is
actually more powerful than your editing
workstation really yep okay so we are
making a couple of compromises we can't
especially access the i/o which is kind
of a shame because it's got two HDMI one
DisplayPort all supporting HDR it's got
a USB type-c with 60 watts of power so
you can like run your laptop on the side
actually that would be a pretty cool
idea just having it plugged in
permanently and just having like a wire
like velcro here or something that you
could run your laptop off it yeah but I
mean you lose height adjust and stuff
but still
one piece
full workstation now it's time for us to
test out the HD arnis
we made our own all-in-one Dennis yeah
okay let's find out how good it is for
productivity then
wow it's actually better than my editing
machines is check out that that
real-time 8k footage scrubbing in full
at full
not bad eh
keep playing
you can really see my hair thinning at
8k
so what we're looking at here is a
testing code at 4k for upload to YouTube
and wow that is really darn speedy sorry
Dennis but this is way better than your
machine so we're making this for the new
designers
there his desktop background desktop
desktop desk desktop there you go and
once he saw this he will know why we
need to hire him there's a new desktop
get that picture
google it it's I just have it on my
phone what is this what you also have a
vessel
actually
yes and why Wow now given this as a
workstation it's probably not going to
come up that often but other than
playing back HDR videos HDR gaming is
one of the biggest use cases for HDR and
you can clearly see that it's working in
Deus Ex mankind divided here this
benchmark looks
noticeably better on an HDR display than
it does on an SDR display now with that
said in HDR mode sometimes you do run
into some odd behavior like for example
this thumbnail for Austin's iPhone 10
video which happens to be an HDR video
is not HDR so like the thumbnail looks
weird but then the video itself is gonna
be running in HDR so
there you have it overall I'm really
pleased with this nice compact little
workstation that we managed to put
together it is definitely a little bit
on the heavy side but you can't really
blame the monitor for that I guess
that's why they stopped making cases out
of thick steel or cast iron or whatever
else the case may be we ended up with
really nice cable management and
hopefully they really liked it and are
especially proud of having a system
built by the one and only Dennis V ow it
worked so it's fine I think you will
love it so thanks for watching guys if
you dislike this video you can hit that
button but if you liked it hit like get
subscribed maybe consider checking out
where to buy the stuff we featured the
LG 27 UK 850 is just $6.99 we'll have
that linked below and while you're down
there you can check out our merch store
which has cool shirts like this one
and our community forum which you should
totally join sure